-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Installation steps ###
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

*** REQUIREMENTS: mysql database, php 3.0.13+, a webserver (tested on Apache
and BadBlue, should work with IIS or anything else php will run with).

1. First, transfer the file to your webserver.  You will need to telnet/ssh into
the server machine for the next steps.

2. Next, untar/gunzip it to the directory that you want.
The usual command is (1 step):

	tar zxvf <filename.tar.gz>

OR  (2 steps):

	gunzip <filename.tar.gz>
	tar xvf <filename.tar>

At this point you may want to rename the directory to something simpler like
'mantis'.  You will use the mv command to rename a directory.

mv <directoryname> mantis

If you are upgrading see the UPGRADING document.

3. After that you will need to change into the directory and locate the
db_generate.sql file.  Run the following command:

mysql -u<username> -p<password> <databasename> < db_generate.sql

You could also cut and paste the sql statements from db_generate.sql into a
package like phpMyAdmin or into your terminal window.  You will need to have
created the database ahead of time.

* WARNING: A DEFAULT ADMINISTRATOR level account is created.  The account name
and password are administrator / root.  Use this when you first login to Mantis.
Immediately go to Manage and create at least one administrator level account.
Immediately after that DELETE the administrator account.  You can recreate it
but you should delete the account to prevent the cookie_string from being used
to trick the package.  It would be even better to rename the account or delete
it permanently.  REMEMBER: After setting up the package, REMOVE the default
administrator account.

4. Now edit config_inc.php and set the appropriate variables.  In particular you
will want to set the database variables.  hostname, username, password, and
database name must be set to match the configuration of your webserver and mysql
database.  Also set your email values and date formats and your path variables.
You can edit the config file at any time.

You can load up admin_check.php3 to see if you set things up correctly.

5. If you require .php extensions (instead of .php3) run the convertToPHP4
script.  You may need to first run "chmod +x convertToPHP4" to make the script
executable.

The script will rename all the .php3 files to .php.  You also need to edit the
config_inc.php file and change $g_php = ".php3" to be ".php"

NOTE: If your server sends .php files in plain text you're going to need to do
some heavy editing.  Basically you'll need to rename all the .php files to .php3
and then do a search and replace in every single file to rename core_API.php to
core_API.php3, and rename config_inc.php to config_inc.php3 in the core_API
file... and the same for all the other affected files.  If you don't do this
then anyone can access your database information (and delete it, etc).

The easiest solution is to make your webserver properly support .php and/or
.php3 files.  For Apache, it is a one line addition in the server configuration
file.  Let your administrator know that you would like support.  More detailed
instructions are at http://www.php.net/manual/en/installation.php

6.  Login to the bugtracker and go to the manage section.  Click on the projects
link.  You will need to ADD a new project.  Then EDIT the new project and
remember to ADD at least one category.  Otherwise you won't be able to add any
bug reports.

That should be it.  You're off and running.  For some help on custom editting of
the site (including renaming the database tables) please read the CONFIGURATION
file.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Upgrading ###
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

See the files: UPGRADING and db_upgrade.sql

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Troubleshooting ###
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

See TROUBLESHOOTING

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### Useful links ###
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

http://www.mysql.com/      -  good documentation.
http://www.phpwizard.net/  -  an excellent web front end to mysql.
http://www.php.net/        -  excellent documentation.
http://www.phpbuilder.net/ -  good help forums.
http://www.apache.org/     -  you should be able to find what you need, I hope.
